hey hey hey everyone hey what's
up guys I'm
not going to beat around the bush
with the intro or anything okay I'm not going to put on any
music or anything because they're showing
Temptation Island plus
leave some space for my wife to
come see you so I'm going to take
advantage of it quickly and I'm going to start and
well whoever is joining is
welcome okay whoever misses out is
starting because I had summarized it okay thank you
so much to everyone thank you so much
to everyone first for the support
yesterday we reached 630 members on the
secondary channel it was really cool what
happened yesterday here okay really
crazy okay let's see if we ever manage to reach a
thousand members I would be
very excited to reach a number like that I
see it as very impossible I see it as far away but oh
well anything is possible
thank you so much from the bottom of my heart it was
crazy okay how people became
members yesterday I think it was more than 100
yesterday in the stream brutal
thanks Victor welcome Victor
Estrella
already balls and secondly
thank you so much to all of you who
have supported Carlos Saldados thanks
to my interview  okay if there's anyone who has
n't seen it it's on the
main channel okay I understand that it's not going to
have many views I knew we were counting
on them because my audience hopes the
CEO and this content is not the CEO but
trying to do what's in my power
to help this man okay and you want it
no even if it's 30 to 40 thousand views they
are just people people of which
thank you not even a kiss
they are people of which there are some that
are donating read the crowdfunding and with
them want it or not for the man today I
think he has raised like 300 euros more
in the crowdfunding it's worth what I but
I what what in monetization
Stefan thank you very much for your thousand
lives mother listen everything that is in
our power of my kids to
help him for a good cause well listen that's what
we're here for too and I wanted to
tell you that today we are going to react to a
video that is one of those that I like the
secret I hope you like it I haven't
seen it yet but it's one of the videos
of the style of video that I liked the
secret - not the ones he's been doing
lately and such no these are the
videos that I really like the most and they are the ones where he
makes compilations of
anime stories and so on and on this
particular occasion not being the case not
being the case okay
but he has made an airbus album and it gives
the complete story review so it will
be very good for us to refresh the
anime now they have told me that he has already
removed it from his channel and I have checked
the video that he made to Dallas and
really what is happening is
what is happening and sit here and
tell me oh fat cow that today today at
lunchtime you know that my position and my
party supports man the videos of my fight
with docking well I think it is one of the
best series on my channel it is better than
any of the last one better than
any of the last anime
very good very good and wonderful about that
fight he knows everything and one day
we will react here when we have it
nothing
we will react to that fight and well without
further delay we are going to give him credits so it is
worth it to me let's let
your watermark be seen ok and let's watch the
video or the beautiful people by a
beginner's mistake I lost the
video of the  camera then I only have
the audio it's more than always they always do the
same thing whether you're a beginner or a
beginner you already see weapons and such for two
years here we are watching your videos, I
mean always when he doesn't lose
the video the other day when he made a
video talking about I don't know what about my air about
the operations that he was
talking about cosmetic operations
otherwise he lost the video he lost the image
of looking okay and he only put the audio
when he doesn't edit and she puts herself in the
china reacting and then it doesn't
correspond with what she's reacting
and now he lost the rhythm of seeing anyway it has
been long to record it again so
this data to take by ass sa I have
lost the video and he recorded it again it
's not too long his fight with doc and he
had to be in the guaire river face
crying with laughter it is that totally I mean
that year they put on youtube and wine
andros yesterday a little corner like that dancing
so you couldn't even see him and at tomorrow level
who remembers werevertumorro if he
is more forgotten than the top gamer
academy
and they put my fight with doses
what a lack of respect for the people who
consume youtube to make a  member right now
as a complaint as a complaint if you want us to
do a ritual and put my fight
with doc and make a member sometimes I'm
going to do it the old fashioned way with a robert
cook in the background and by the way I ask you to
subscribe if you want without further delay they
convince people who don't
know her for me she's a girl who
fell in love with dallas and suddenly dallas didn't
pay attention to her so she decided to do some
kind of revenge very sad in this
video we're going to put together all the versions
the very sad one what she added was very
sad it was a shame of go ahead da
la gana and javi and nacha starting
this one I
have here I see an achievement that I hadn't
seen the video I have a cameo because it
will be that I didn't expect it
the beginning of burn is a girl who is
now 24 or 25 years old in January
[Music]
eladio welcome to what you call like
a friend of mine hello point did you know that they
want to close the channel and if the
head well recommended could start
directly to come out a video called
something about me  I reported it like that and I'm going to
react if I have time, okay, as
long as Lorena comes, when
Lorena comes, I have to go, we have to
see the island of temptations,
priorities, priorities, I have to
organize my life into priorities, okay, let's
go, what do I have to do during the
day? Well, today is the debate on
temptations, not the final debate. And
well, if we still have the library, Loreg, we'll
see. She went on an exchange to Spain. She
told us that it was very difficult for her
to make friends because of the language issue.
Also, she intended to stay
longer than the scholarship allowed. She
was having financial problems
because she couldn't find a job. In
January, Han Rebull traveled to Spain. She
met Dallas on a train from Madrid to
Barcelona. Although Han Rebull said that
she didn't know Dallas,
could she be lying? A very important fact
about An is that it is practical, acting,
dancing, and singing. From a very early age, she
participated in short films. It also seems
strange to me that the girl who always wanted to be an
actress sits right next to the
renowned
[Music].
There are myths like the one about jokes,
welcome, churras, I mean.  they believe from
below a little bit of fanaticism my weapon
below a little bit the fanaticism says it
seems very strange to me that she didn't know
Dallas because because she has always
wanted to be an actress it seems very strange to me
that precisely a girl who wanted to
be an actress sits next to the youtube
of the recognized youtube
in the whole world we do not know the past
youtube there are people like you ask
anyone in my neighborhood a
lot of people who are actors or things to
people who work in television and they do not know
who ibai is for example understands me so
leave the fanaticism and less and
less four years ago
- four years ago
youtubers were known even less
than today no matter how many subscribers they
have knowing their [ __ ] is known
on the networks it gives them the feeling that they
may have gotten on the train saw
Dallas recognized him and pretended not to
anyway all the stories coincide
that han and Dallas met on
that train they went to his window and there
that friendship began like that
another thing is that when she followed him she would
see the followers he had
and the likes that yes that can be seen
[Music]
thank you very much  thank you so much
guys i
love you i really love you let's
break youtube today with the members
again just like yesterday
[Music]
after talking on skype or facebook and
then finally we
'll put it
like he said
but let's see girl,
I mean I'm not giving him my phone number
first stefan thank you so much churra
[Music]
alberto gutierrez welcome to machines
javi list and uploaded videos about a
company that wants to report her how
shameless they are ha ha ha ha if there's no
time we'll see but tell that
company that whoever reports to the isi will have to
do with this one he doesn't have a name
yet but he has the volume of julio
gan what's happening with the 200 sweatshirt it's
not very noticeable but it's very strong with
that one I didn't know who nadal is but this
seems like a lie to me because of the things
dallas says how are you not going to know that
someone is famous when you yourself say I was
going to
what happened he broke the shower today - hand that
gives it to her your girlfriend has already done rap
funny is that the first contact
we had on chat was through instagram dm  as
soon as I got off the train she asked me for my
Instagram and there was no other
way to communicate at that
moment. Supposedly now when
you send a message through Instagram you
phase your eyes so you don't see how many
followers she has and you just hit
send message and then all the
messages after that I never got the cfi grcia
churri stefan is financing
today's live, I
mean the live on you know today is
financed by this fan let it be very
clear Estefana,
the ones that are around and how many gentlemen she has
and look at how many photos she has,
go change your wing, don't go in exchange they
don't
touch here son with that nose with these
little hairs coming out of that guerrilla 2 and
at events with fans signing books
I would never have expected her to be
famous because she says this basically to
act like
I'm very interested I imagine
what Dallas did with that award that a
pretty girl who doesn't speak Spanish but
who goes towards speaks English then didn't
know how to speak Dallas's language well
and knew how to communicate well with
her so maybe I imagine that
Dallas must have felt sorry for that
ignorance of the language because he would be
arriving and saw what it was like to live
when YouTube when you are YouTube
well you take it and say I put myself in the
situation of someone who studies the lottery and I
would say [ __ ] and now who do I hook up with and
how am I going to know who loves me for what I am who
loves me for my physique and
who loves me for how famous I am I
would have my doubts who to approach
less then each conversation he saw what it was and
said this one no, she's not going to hook up
with me because of interest
and he started to babble with her in English
but according to what is believed on the net it was out of
compassion
because I imagine that it is very difficult to
be in a country where you do not master the
language that is what it looks like I had it I do not know
who the plate was on the
secondary channel I had he does not want to give me the
plate on the secondary channel and we were
in protests
we are in protests that we are going to make
a lot of members here that we are going
to break we are
going to break YouTube with all the
members we are going to make the channel with the most
members of YouTube to tell him son of a
[ __ ] do not go to that plate that is worth a
hundred euros
the plate the accesses YouTube give me  the
[ __ ] plate that I put there they take me
nardo damn I think it seems to me that da la
took pity on that girl all the versions agree on something my area things welcome in a certain sense my message calling Maria when she feels what it will give to be recognized this lady on the train well she imposed herself super jealous and
to investigate her out but gosh all this
was because Dallas had followed the really
burned for a few hours on Instagram and before
the network sister Maria well she saw that he had
followed this girl on Instagram
and began to investigate the basically
imagine the level of obsession that is to keep
track of who follows or
unfollows your ex boyfriend led to investigate a
thousand times more meetings because to him well
now he didn't care what he
did with his life then Maria
put monitor call on Twitter and
saw that well she began to publish I
was not like bragging that she had
met a famous person on the train
well when she is over she controls it
Antonia in fact I agree that she told me
before becoming friends with the album when they
were fighting I remember
Antonio Mexia yes yes because she  I had a
block saying I met famous
youtubers on the train wow
now Antonio asked a
thousand subscribers for the meta das let's see
that's correct and they go YouTube says they
won't give me the badge because of some [ __ ] about
metadata we have to reach a
thousand members to ignore
YouTube's metadata okay I
say this I already knew perfectly well that
Dallas doesn't like these types of
people at all and well then what he
did was send him the screenshots to bullets
so he could see what kind of live
[Music]
diamond day diamond mine thank you very much
the intention would be to erase it from the map of
forced to be this video after
other comments on my videos side of
comments insult 9 thanks to the
girls a person who knows how to play
the victim role very well
[Music]
the sound comes out welcome forgive me what's
more important I don't know if I can tell it
goodbye they talk to me on WhatsApp they
talk to me on WhatsApp the people who
find on my phone out there that they
filter them in that and they start talking and
telling me their life here okay they're
talking to me right now  urbaser okay hello
excuse me but I found this
phone number I don't know if the hub and oliveira
but tell you for informational purposes that they
are distributing your phone number
that you take care of me and the public I'm not
saying that I was harassing her by
putting a direct link to my video
[Music]
see old age
ms of mysterious incognito person
thank you very much for becoming a member wait
a moment because today there are no
ads here I don't want to eat I
want to eat
like this has come out to
came out one does
[Music]
omar mora welcome
and send his followers to insult
but it's true that he doesn't care about my
life anymore that's why his behavior indicates the
opposite he is mentioning - since
all this started it was him his mother
the atony and Antonio on Twitter
commenting criticizing the ship
to flirt with others now ask for the
story what is written here I am
seeing it is his girlfriend although he hides her
because that way he can continue flirting with
other ladies
[Laughter]
to flirt with other suites and they even
went out on the dance floor walking from his ex do not
throw away the gel you can't get over it
when he met me that  I dedicated myself to posting
things like that on twitter so I met
a famous person hehehe he told me that I could
continue partying with him and that my hands
were pretty and I met mister famous
remember he said that specifically
manage facebook and anyway they were
tweets like he was joking that he
met me at 36
now he's calling me
how crazy no
what's up
with this type of thing you know what kind
of people emptying those tweets I saw them we
almost stopped being friends and you know what
happened to me
these tweets he also sent me his mother his mother sent me to spy on her to the max and she sent me those tweets so that we would stop being friends according to the mandalas version and in February a month after they met he proposed to her on
February 15th 2016 is telling no one
for a promotion with Sony to put in and
the spokesperson suicide are degraded the
metal is locked up they were far from my
house I stayed that the game
then we said that we were lips and that's how they
began a long distance relationship and I
lived in Madrid and Dallas in  Barcelona I
wasn't there but it seems strange to me that
people who see Dallara see that she is
very against
real relationships, she criticizes him a lot, it seems
very strange to me that Dallas
is so against this, that she had
one, do you understand why it's not now that he is there, she would
feel something of his and but
he is not so much against
long distance relationships but he
said it a long time ago, also it seems to me that
giving it like that and they don't have that much chemistry, I don't
want to compare but look at the chemistry
between Dallas and Lizio and look at the
chemistry between Anne and Dallas, I
feel it very different if we see Am and
Dallas, it seems more like a
friendlier colleague, that's my point of view, we maintain
a long distance relationship because I
but it's a thread that doesn't make
sense to me either, this and was
renting an apartment in Madrid and Dale
was climbing an apartment in Barcelona, we
all know that Dallas's apartment was
very precarious, very ugly,
so if they were both watching
why didn't
Dallas go
to A's apartment because Am didn't go to
Dallas's apartment in certain ways  because
having a long distance relationship and Dallas
as a freelancer can move whenever they
want and stop like that,
his exchange had ended, it makes no
sense that he stayed in Madrid, he
could have gone to Barcelona and with me, it's that my
friends came out, he offered to
marry me, it's that
the meeting in film
[Laughter]
[Music]
and Sanders thank you very much to the team and to
me because he tried to treat me create
a sense of debt if it had started
with one deadlines of April and March 2nd and
open the relationship, I don't know, old and
this is completely contradictory to
the image we have of Dallas, Dallas
whenever he has the opportunity he
recommends that we don't get married, that we don't
have children, that we don't have
long distance relationships and suddenly
Dallas wants to marry some girls he
met a month ago, she says that
Dallas wanted that for
American citizenship but what happens
[Laughter]
and they said it's eyes, he said that he wanted
Anh to get married, that he wanted her to
sneak in houses for the papers and I laugh my
dick off with the mobiles of inventing this
gang, in truth he was going with the papers and if
not  goes there by boat many
ways to get the visa it is not
necessary to marry someone give them
foreigners in Spain now it is comfortable
in Ireland also to obtain the visa
not only do you have to be married
but you have to meet other
requirements and also if self would force you to
live with her for a certain amount of
time it does not make sense to me after I
was very depressed I
wanted to die I had few friends and I was
in a new city in a
foreign country and I felt very lonely almost
every time we met after
breaking it up I documented it in some way of
course I say sometimes many times
here is my little cameo
here is my little cameo of course because they
deleted the video where you can
recover the video
only the hub and oliveira the hacker
son
the video is in check to my son thanks
after breaking up he still offers to marry
me
marry my ex boyfriend who had desired me
and he also says that after the
two of them had ended that relationship that
for me did not exist Dallas
proposed to him again then Dallas not
only wanted to marry a woman he
met a month ago but he also
wanted to marry his ex girlfriend who
supposedly had  treated that
Dallas in that story badly he's a complete
idiot he doesn't have but what has nothing to
do with the Dallas that I see in the
videos hey hey hey hey do you think DC that
growing up he
erased my secret watermark
he covered and erased me from the video
no I can't believe it you
erased me from the video do you think they do
n't give me credit
how strong a youtube channel so that
she can act sing dance the
things that they've been practicing
since before she was 3 years old
our theater since she was nine years old the
last one to arrive also went to
singing classes these people too all or
actresses as a child but now that they're older they
can't get any after any
role and no talented matrix I have
appeared in an independent film and
because of that I asked for a page I
play the piano bass and guitar and
soon you will give me playing without
torment in my videos I have written
songs and I hope one day to be able to upload
original songs to the feef and
distribute a song that was the best
to the best original and yes I would
love to release anything I like to write
songs you study environment in a long
time for it what  what happened is that
'she wasn't doing well in the arts but
dallas gave her a solution she didn't have a
job so dallas gave her the
youtube job where she could fulfill
her dreams
I know that youtube is not the goal but it is the
way give it a middle ground so that
she becomes known so it doesn't make
sense that she was mistreated because
if dallas had mistreated her he would have
tried to stop it from getting publicized this
girl
is very raw
d
and I thought she was with something else they
started dating before that I did it
in her thread I need to tell you this
about the apex a mysterious person
for a couple of months and before this we
should see the months dating in
secret at the same time some
very lying people were
accusing me of being a pedophile at that
time of year we were someone I
find it disgusting that am you are going to tell
the things she did with dallas I don't
believe her but anyway even if it is a
lie I find it disgusting whatever was
true also why does she have to tell it I
began to suspect that having one
night when I was at her house to
[ __ ]
our story stay like that they didn't
start dating  17
this time would have had more I don't believe her
because her story doesn't make sense but
also because if it is I love that the
design of polyamory in the video of course
and it's surely because the little group this
example and so on read the
primer and the script before recording
the video and hey listen you have to
tell me this about polyamory in polyamory it
's good this would have been real what they should have
done was tell
the isi in private never to make a video
this is what they did to cause harm to
try to separate dallas but if she
was associated with these people if those
people told me xavi xabi be
careful what you talk to her don't make her back
out we already
have her convinced to fall videos
people are already there behind her so that she
would make the
black video the girlfriend video before it
was public the video was
sent to me before it was public
and I saw the video I uploaded the reaction the
video of me reacting to that video
talking about that video I uploaded at the
same time as why because I had the video
all hot and  I'm
really glad that even if he hasn't separated from
Dallas because of these lies, that makes me
very happy, I don't think the land
of the fruit and Fran
the delicious, he has no respect, but I do
believe them, for example, he
could have gone to Dallas's house to
play or to hang out with his friends and he could have
seen a coffee maker and that's when he started to
realize, so he created the
coffee maker part, but where he created the
delicious part and he knew what was going to happen
right after arriving I started to have
an anxiety attack, I went to the bathroom, I threw up, I
cried until I fell asleep on the
bathroom floor. When there was medicine
for me, it's code, I woke up and went to
his house. The part about
Dallas' birthday doesn't seem to make sense to me,
so according to the story of his adventures, he
cheated on ISI with Tam, but he was such an
idiot and invited them both pretending
that neither of them would notice.
All the things in the right direction, none of them,
no sense at all because at that
moment he
would have taken it and said, hey, what's going on
here, but if this one is with me, you know, there
would be a fight and if there were a lot of center
Peter  and what happened to her was that she
was behind him I do
n't know if something would happen it wouldn't happen to us
but in her mind she already believed that
he was also reciprocating
and no and she doesn't know and then out of spite he
was unfaithful and another thing that doesn't make
sense in Ann's story is that
she knew about ISI's existence
before Dallas's birthday party
if you know you're going to have a bad time
why are you going to the party she went to the
party and at the party yes if I'm not
mistaken I think at the party he had a
boyfriend
if I'm not mistaken she had this right a
long time ago I don't remember well but I seem to
remember that they told me that she had a
boyfriend to make Lis uncomfortable to attack her in a
certain way when she came to my
birthday because I invited her to
meet ISI and with the hope
that they would get along she treated ISI
with all kinds of rudeness not
answering him when he asked questions
or answering super dry things he came and the
bad vibes started to get along from the
first minute the thing is that I can't
stand seeing Dallas with another person and what she
did was  a very
careful charade began to cry and began to
pretend to throw up all of this while
talking to Agapito on the phone to
play the victim despite being so
sick she kept coming to the
birthday party to get attention
I guess it could be a very
childish attitude and trying to be the center of
attention all the time with her crying
all the time but on the last day of the
birthday party she goes without talking she was all the
time putting on serious faces weird faces
and she was all the time like in the back of
the room lonely I remember
that I was talking to everyone I was
trying to make her not be so lonely I would
say something to her and she wouldn't even
look at her the whole time she had like a bad face
also something that Anne doesn't say but I only
found out is that she was already dating
another guy when it was
Dallas's birthday in all this tedium lysis and
she had her boyfriend on
November 5th I went to Spain I tried to
leave him like Honduras but with the
intention of cutting off contact for the most
part with him after leaving so you
're not done action February 15th
until  July 9th and then some kind
of friends with benefits I know he was with
several others during that time you would think
after I left we
went through a period of moon a lot one
total heartbroken god at the same time and is
totally discarded he
needed something translated into English or
when he wants to hire me like for
example with ardido this also doesn't make
sense if you wanted to stop having
contact with dallas because you made a
video wouldn't it have been easier to
control robert message to issys and that's it
when I mentioned that giving them wanted to
control her depends on what happened because maybe
dallas sends her a message asking
how are you which is right I already
interpreted it as if he was
trying to control her but he only
wanted to know how she was understanding
after about 25 years and he wanted to say
is great and we don't want it because
the other part that never
ends says well that I broke up with
agapito because one is very difficult a long
distance relationship
for a just said that your relationship
with dalla was very good long distance one
in barcelona and another in madrid because he
justifies that he is going to call a
long distance relationship and the other doesn't
need something to say because he wants to
find them  I
was learning her tricks she doesn't
respond because
again it doesn't make sense to me that they
broke up with her boyfriend and blocked Dallas I
also want to clarify that
An's boyfriend at the time was a guy
named Agapito who was Agapito, a
Dallas hater on YouTube. She
was literally rejected by Dallas and
started dating a Dallas hater
who comes from her business email. Here
I am in my little head, look, look,
here I know in my little head that maybe Agapito
wasn't a Dallas hater before when he
started with her, maybe Agapito was a
Gala hater because of being with her and
that mind knows what they would already
tell her about Dallas
and that's how her best friends treat her
[Laughs]
and with me,
Gordo is
not going to say that it is very important to
forget everything all day, it
seems sad to me but day
and at this part, dad after they
edited is taking a photo of himself, just a
poser,
no more girl, what do you want me to put and if I
believe her why because Dallas and it is to
do those things what he did, the same thing is
convenient, he sent her an email  asking him to
work things out now I'm going to
pause the screen and I'm going to start
reading what it says the first thing Dallas
writes is that if she doesn't want to hear
from him anymore to just ignore the
email and that he wasn't going to try to
communicate with her anymore then he
explains that the reason he's
writing this email is because at
one point they were best
friends or at least she was to
him he comments that he remembers when they
played together and when they had good times he
also states that they had
bad times sometimes because of him
sometimes because of her then Dallas
comments that he knows that she's mad at him
because he was
mad at her too he talks about how it doesn't matter
who's to blame and that they'll never
come to an agreement to know who's to
blame most for how it ended it's part of the
past and that he regrets the things
that made her suffer but it
was never his intention to hurt her then he
writes the lip you have to remember that there is no
word equivalent to an I
love you in English there's the a he saw it
but that would be an I love you or an I love you
then he tells the boyfriend and also
comments that it has been one of  the
most important people in his life it was never
his intention for this to end in a
block and for them to end up as complete
strangers then he comments that he has been through
these situations before and that they
never answer emails so this
makes him feel like an idiot who says
sentimental stupidities when
people do not want to be his friend anymore
well this letter made me a little
sad it is easy to empathize I do not think that
between
dale they did there was love but I do believe that it
was a beautiful friendship equally in this
letter it talks about me I think it was
a beautiful friendship that she six
solutions and she was wrong and she got
totally disappointed and I do not know how she got
together with the other people I do
not know how she was going to get together with the other
people to end up making that video
status not of love something that gives us
sap is the following well
this girl in the end ended up
getting into the cult in such a way that she
even belonged to the net for her bar she
was already the very same carlos schaffer for
those who do not know who in sap he was a
hater of dallas and he dedicated himself to doing
live shows for hours that  against
dallas calling it well what they
normally say to give them the
hitters but then aplon was accused of having
been with an underage
then everyone started to turn their
backs on [ __ ] obviously I will never send
anything in public it seems that happ
wrote the script that we just saw
now makes sense to me what example does it
achieve the script was a little bit of everyone
written because it doesn't make sense cap
normally does things that don't make
sense to me these girls were convinced to
get into it and
make this video because because when
I started talking to her I told
antonia she told me also said although I do
n't know what that she got up and said
antonia javi javi shut up take care of you
so he tells her that we already have her
convinced to upload a video let's see if she
backs down and done let's go if I
took the opposite of the messages so I
still have it archi who fell into
the trap and made this video and this girl I
can't say much well let
its protagonists say it this girl
is going to have consequences for them
many things  over the
next few months
well these girls have gotten into a
mess but a mess what
Javi said caught my attention because
they deleted the video that we just saw and I
wonder why he deleted it there are many
options but one could be that Han and
Dallas have resolved things which I do
n't believe because then he would have posted
something on his social networks and wrote
nothing in it I checked the second option is
that she reported him
that he won the trial and that's why he
deleted his video if so I'm very happy
for Dallas because this video is full
of indirect attacks against us we would
have to see when he deleted it we wouldn't have to see when he deleted it if it was in these days or when not in these days in July in July he deleted it with a heavy fist
him and his girlfriend Lysis I will not enter
so I am very happy that Dallas
won if he won something another option
is that he didn't delete it but taking
into account what Javi said for me there was a
trial we all know
to me what I find strange is that he deleted it
on his own two feet
the nuts those people who remain
silent like that  that maybe it was some
slander and libel something happened I don't know
what it is but I'm almost sure that
something happened this video is getting too
long so in the next video
we will see Tales and Naya's version
thank you very much for watching me see you very
soon in the XXI for we will see we will
see my weapon we will see we will see that that
part do you
believe hey we will give you credit